We should have the slide subheader that is still found on slide 5 and 6 that says diagnostic order read "Neros" on each slide

45 min tehcnical interview should be changed to David Fitzgerald

The slide bar on the top with obhjective baseline failure mech etc. font needs to be increased. along with david fitzgerald and slide numbers. 
"Baseline Failure" Should be changed to "Problems"

Title slide: Change title to Nothing Works the First Time

Slide 2: top speed flight time action-cam etc sub header should be above the bolded main text. that way it reads Top speed - 70mph not the other way around.
reliable + repeatable should have an & instead of +


Slide 3: This slide needs some work. We should have a neatly organized information box on the left. It should read, Frame: AOS UL7 -enter - Motor: EMAX 2807 1300 KV etc.

This should be an easy list to read top to bottom. order should make sense in context. Ensure that text size and formatting make sense given the image
ON the right side of the slide we will reserve for a photo of the drone. get rid of the place holder image and the text. i know what needs to go there

Slide 4:
Reformat "The challenge" so it makes more sense and fits in with the elegant and minimal style of the slide. The copy also needs to be changed.
Copy: Diagnose why a fresh build with frame specific presets fails initial requirements

Slide 6: we should equate to the top bar and how we will be solving

So 01: Mechanical - Plant
02: Filtering / ESC - Sensor
03: PID / Feedfoward - Controller

slide 7:
Make this slide more elegant and stylistically better given the context of a checkpoint slide. we should reference plant, sensor and controller in each. maybe as subtext. we should probably keep compelte current and (pending)

Title should read - Mechanical Plant Vibration

Slide 8 & 9. These slides need to be redone, plan to condense into one slide. I will describe how they should be done below:
Two pictures side by side.
Left: rolling-shutter-example.png
Right: rolling-shutter-jello-model.png

Underneath that we should have the textboxes.
On the left we should have physical mechanism & assumptions. - both of these needed to be reformated to both fit and read better.
Assumptions needs FPS: 60 - Tscan= 16ms etc. Label with the variable names we use in calculation 

On the right, we should wave haves per frame on the top and phase aliasing below.
It looks like we can fit the math on one line. we need to increase the text size of the math so it is readable. ensure we dont get any formatting issues when doing this. Text size should still make sense in the context of the slide


Slide 10: get rid of "observations" Bullet points should be centered right not top right. Fix formatting so it makes sense. Also ensure it is identical in style to slide 11 so when i click the text spot stays but copy changes


slide 11: use suggestions from slide 10 in that copy needs to be moved down. get rid of "observation" 

Slide 12: 
bullet 1: fine
bullet 2: Chris' build shows a smaller frame harmonic than motor noise
bullet 3: 200hz appears as first harmonic


Slide 13: Left text box to right text box should align better. Ie battery motion should be in line with torque as it is. but check for wires and tighten motor and frame screws are not bc there is empty subtext. may just want to add empty subtext for formatting



Slide 14: Picture on the right is too small and pushed too far to the right. Make subheader larger. the g in changes is cutoff on the bottom.
Overall this slide is lacking visual appeal. "Changes made" text box is too far on on the left and overal it just seems like this slide is lacking copy. not saying we need to add more but it does need to be presented better


Slide 15:
Same as slide 7. Sylistically needs to be improved. carry over your changes header


slide 15.5
title:Why do motors get hot.
image: gyro and d term pre filtering v2.

This image may need to be centered with text below.
we can put a single line of copy below that says. Any noise that isnt fitlered will be ampliefied by d term
Make sure this text is readable and makes sense stylistically


Slide 16.1 and slide 16.2
We should add two slides on the two types of filters that are used by betaflight. both slides should have overlapping content, so that when i transition content doesnt move. Only copy and image change

the first slide should be on the low pass filters.
Include this image: low pass filters.png - ensure this is formatted correctly on the slide
include this image directly below: low pass filters affect on noise.png ensure they are both the same width:


second slide should be on notch filters
Include this image: notch filters.png

slide 16.3 
title: Nobs to turn 
image: nobs to turn.png
credit: Oscar Liang


slide 16.7
title: Post Filter Changes
img: post filtered screenshot.png


Slide 17.

We should probably keep this slide, find a logical place to put it, probably after 16.3. so 16.4
Title: Dynamic notch incorrectly acting on motor RPM
subtitle: dynamic notch targets left over motor noise

Observed configuration - incorrect preset configuration

bullet 2 subtext: dynamic notch 1 unable to go low enough to properly filter harmonics.

Correction: <- title
1) RPM weight set (insert the final weights)
 acount for second motor harmonic


Slide 18: this slide probably needs to be deleted. I think that you will replace some of the content when you are adding to the other slides. the picture isnt helpful and i dont have screenshots to usefully distinguish when we are making only low pass changes just final


slide 16.5

Title: Changes made
Subtitle: Filter setting adjustments. the image shows sketches with what i changed, if we include words/ there is space we should mention rpm ramp up if we havnt already
img: final filter settings with sketch.png


You can probably do a better job referencing the conversation on what i changed, include a textbox that address each cleanly and with minimal text.

Ie turned lp1 off, kept lp2 on (aliasing and sits below noise floor) - slider values were adjusted
the rpm filters were allowed to go lower. the ramp up rate was decreased
dynamic notch lowered. 
Rpm weights decreased. 

You can do a better job, reference the conversation log

slide 19
title: Effect of ESC settings on filtering
This should be organized as the last of the changes made to the filters, before betalfight screenshot slide 16.5 and final filter screenshot slide.
switch image for: esc changes and effect on filtering.png

Delete "why pwm belongs in the investigation" - need better title
bullet points 1 and 2 are good.
split into two different blocks 24khz steady and the other 24-48khz variable. 24khz should mention that filtering is slightly cleaner based on plot. efficiency tradeoff
then do two bullets for variable and include in the subtext why there is efficiecny gain. 


Slide 20: This slide is being replaced can get rid of it

Slide 21: format as the other checkpoint slides
Title: Checkpoint: Controller tuning


Slide 21.1: This will be about the method of tuning

img: pid tuning method

Include boxes with arrows to the next pointing down on the right side.
Step 1) P to D Ratio
Step 2) Pitch to Roll balance
Step 3) Master Multiplier
Step 4) Feedforward


Include a couple words in each box subtext relevant to what hillbilly included in the coversation - make sure to reference. here is the start for easy searching
First step -> 
P to D ratio
Start first step at D1.0, then
D1.2
D1.4


21.2 Wobble tuning
A consistant sinusoidal input is applied to setpoint with a frequency of 2.6hz for consistant results
img: wobble test
note: custom script setup in radio. low motor noise post filtering. used to create N values for step response plot

21.3
Title: Pitch tuning
P to D balance
Img: ptich PT-PD balance

and secondly P to D gain
img: pitch P-D coef

include a note on how we want latency of pitch to match roll. higher moment of inertia so need higher gains.


21.4
title: Tuning master multiplier
img: master multiplier test.png

Note: Increase the master multiplier slightly increases damping. The ratio of dampening changes as we move up
(Could include appendix slide with math calculations on the relationship of dampening coef and master multiplier. If i remember correctly it is not directly proportional. would be good to justify with math)


21.5
Title: Feedforward tuning
include img: ff 0.6 latency.png, ff 0.8 latency.png, ff 1.0 .png organized top to bottom
Add a label for each.

Note that 0.8 has lower delay than 0.6. ff of 1.0 is presenting overshoot and possibly slightly overtuned

21.6
Title: Final Tune
Include img: final tutune setpoint.png

Mention that black is gyro, and nearly invisible behind the red setpoint line. motors are not as noisy before


-- Add apendix page with img inital setpoint tune.png
shows motor noise

Incorporate slides 22, 24-26 content where applicable but edit copy. For each relevant slide like master multiplier use my images. Basically delete these slides but using copy if you like it


delete slide 23, 28 and 29

Slide 27: Use same style as checkpoint slides. We should now have three green completed boxes. 

Slide 30: Center and make thank you larger. Title: Thank you! *enter* Questions? then subtext on questions should say: Appendix with additional calculations and data available

Slide 31. I like the title and subtext, but remove "preserved" before source slides.

For technical QandA is good. also keep evidnece behind decisions but delte the subtext.

Organize the text on this page so it makes more sense, easier to read and more cohesive




We will come back to appendix slides later. for now remove random title slide 38.

slide 39 add jello footage demo.png

Delete slide 40